and now half of youtube hydroxil with
boyfriend and good this time I bring you
start mods for android are
exclusively for android good already what
I was recorded but I'm going to show is
without classroom
this to see let's go this would be the
application where it says engine and that
come on their screens and well let's
proceed to open an application and it's going
to leave this little menu you get the
mods menu and scripts let's go to
motorcycles comes version 0 points 6.1
up to 0.7 point 3 but we
we want to make a 7.3 point so what
we select let's go where it says and not
out all these bikes
then like night night vision
not because speed is to run the
faster and good I do not study following
the bikes are selected and if it goes
to install here if something happened to me
phone I do not know why it's delayed but
that is installed and that will come out
full download put close and let's
open the lancer pro block that in the
Description we will find
they will find the application almost
you can continue and this is the blog
launcher pro only where it says
minecraft leaves a key if you're in from
that already the hidden you are going to
select and this one will be fine if
I train first wife of the video to
than to send a single to víctor salim
gurrola jiménez that he is a subscriber
mine and well, this one has not told me
send greetings also from command greetings to
a friend who always comments my videos
which is called damián and good a greeting
for them
well after we select we are going to
leave this menu sorry and it looks like this I do not know
what was going on he was going to put
I'm going to back them up a bit
is going to leave this menu are going to
press where it says patch manager
then they do this and here they come out
all modes and you are going to
select
and it's going to leave you activate it activates it and
only open the blog launcher
and this comes into play and well no I do not
I played because it gives me a little aside and there
it shows this
there I have my map
and well I got out of there not because it gives me
a little sideways and good friends I hope
that you liked this video
forget to give your like I am draw seed ix
I also greet all those people who
is following me a lot I already have 44
subscribers I will leave you in this one
small so a special for all
not for all of android and those of
them a special 50 subscribers that
maybe you're going to like it is a map that
I created as a friend is very big and
let's do with a server but good
we're going to go because you could not and
well here we go only for all
i said i am draw six do not forget
subscribe leave your like in the
description here abajito this I leave the
link of the motorcycle app
own how to record your good android
select the hour please
be in the 5
good would be everything until the next I am
drone yes and goodbye